Minor updates to the Packages docs (#4190)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Extending/Packages/Creating-a-Package/index.md

![Installed package](images/installed-package.png)

> When using a custom package migration plan, any changes to the plan will trigger all migrations again even those that have already run previously. This is due to the `IgnoreCurrentState` being set to `true` when changes are made to the plan. You can override this property and set it to `false` again to make it behave like regular migration plans and only run the migrations that have not yet been executed on the current environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a custom package migration plan, the current state is ignored by default, causing it to execute all migrations again whenever this isn't the same as the final state of the plan (e.g. if you added a new migration). This is due to the `IgnoreCurrentState` being set to `true` in the `PackageMigrationPlan` base class. You can override this property and set it to `false` again to make it behave like regular migration plans and only run the migrations that have not yet been executed on the current environment.
```
